Improve numerical util files and testing infastructure (#438)
software-mansion/react-native-executorch: packages/react-native-executorch/common/rnexecutorch/tests/README.md

This guide provide information on how functions are tested, how to install all needed dependencies and how to run tests.

### Used Tools
To test the native code we use [`googletest`](https://github.com/google/googletest). It's a flexible tool for creating unit tests.

### Installation
The googletest is already in repo in `react-native-executorch/third-party/googletest`. Firstly, you need to fetch googletest locally, run from root directory of project:
* `git submodule update --init --recursive third-party/googletest`

### Build Test Files
To run tests navigate tests directory namely:
* `cd packages/react-native-executorch/common/rnexecutorch/tests` 
and then type:
* `mkdir build && cd build`
* `cmake ..`
* `make`

### Run Tests
To run tests use the following command in `packages/react-native-executorch/common/rnexecutorch/tests/build`:
* `ctest --verbose`

Every time you updated the source code, you need to recompile the test files using: `cmake .. && make`.

> ### How to a add new test

Author: ```suggestion
### How to add a new test
```

To test the native code we use [`googletest`](https://github.com/google/googletest). It is a flexible tool for creating unit tests.

### Installation
The googletest is already in repo in `packages/react-native-executorch/third-party/googletest`. To build google test navigate to its directory and type the following:
* `mkdir build && cd build`
* `cmake ..`
* `make`

### Usage
To run tests navigate to `packages/react-native-executorch` and type:
* `mkdir build && cd build`
* `cmake ..`
* `make`
* `ctest --verbose`

### How to a add new test
To add new test you need to:
* Place `*.cpp` file with tests using googletest in this directory.

> * In `CMakeLists.txt`, one level higher in directory hierarchy, add all executables and link them with google test, e.g.:

Author: ```suggestion
* In `CMakeLists.txt`, one level higher in directory hierarchy, add all executables and link them with googletest, e.g.:
```

To test the native code we use [`googletest`](https://github.com/google/googletest). It is a flexible tool for creating unit tests.

### Installation
The googletest is already in repo in `packages/react-native-executorch/third-party/googletest`. Firstly, you need to fetch googletest locally using:
* `git submodule init`
* `git submodule update --remote`

> To build google test navigate to its directory and type the following:

Author: ```suggestion
To build googletest navigate to its directory and type the following:
```
